Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to install Camp UI Portable and
Camp UI Manager. Okay, let's
Okay, first thing first, open the Chrome
and search for Cam UI portable. After
that I go to this link MPI portable
and press this download button.
Okay, it's beginning the downloading.
Let's download with the ADM
copying others.
Let's go here.
Okay, fine.
Okay, after that uh when the downloading
the processes of downloading, let's
download the company UI manager
manager
and go to this website GitHub computer
manager.
Okay, how to download this? We have to
go here download
press copy the link and download with
the EDM.
Okay, fine.
It's download correctly.
Okay, downloading is finished. Let's
open the printer. We will hit the
compressed
and extracted using monarch.
Okay, fine. The extracting is finished.
Let's go here. Comei portable Windows
portable.
Okay, let's run it with the Nvidia GPUs
using this.
Double click.
It takes some time to install for the
components right here.
Okay, fine. I think the installation is
done.
This is templates going to use later on
the next videos.
we want to use uh I want to show you
guys how to download and install and
what is the difference on of those
modes.
Okay, before you do that,
I have to unstart the cam UI manager.
It's not exist like here in this place.
I Let's go here to the firewall at the
file I download previous. Copy it.
Manager turn here.
Paste right here.
Okay. Now and let's close this
and let's close this.
Now let's go install manager for
portable version.
Double click to install it.
Now the manager is installing.
I think it's done. Let's see.
Okay, it's not works
because we have to install
install it here.
You download
and Python.
Okay, this one for Windows
download
Python is for Windows
and we can download from this link.
Okay, let's install G.
Next. Next.
After installing kit, we have to install
Python.
Close this. Close this.
Let's read the Python.
Okay. Use the admin privilege while you
installing Pi.
I think at Python.
Okay. Install now.
After installing Python to make all
things working correctly, you must
restart the PC.
Okay, fine. I restart the PC.
After restarting, let's test.
Let's go right here.
downloads
confi portable.
Okay, let's open the installer
another time and let's see it works or
not.
Okay, the installation again is
beginning. It take some time to install
all the components for the manager.
Okay, I think it's done.
Let's open.
Okay, fine. The manager is installed uh
correctly.
Thank you guys for watching this all for
this tutorial. I showed to you how to
install campi portable and the manage in
the next tutorials of our new series.
How to use campi and compi
and how to use
AIS inside the camp UI. Okay, thank you
guys for watching. Subscribe for the
channel for more tutorials like this.